Do you remember the day you started programming?
I remember it like it was yesterday. One night, while I was still in high school, I was lying on my bed, staring at my engineering textbooks with the same blank, poker-faced expression as I always did. You know, I kind of liked engineering. It helped me get a sense of how to logically structure information in my head and find the easiest, most productive solutions to problems. I liked it, I really did, but it just wasn’t enough for me. I wanted my thoughts to run wild, but I felt like all these engineering formulas and calculations weren’t allowing my logical nature to flourish in a creative and artistic way.
That’s when I found SoftUni. 
I called up a few of my friends for info, I did some googling, and I was instantly hooked – I signed up for my first course that same night. 
In all honesty, when the time came for us to practice ‘for’ loops, I couldn’t understand a thing. I was confused, overwhelmed, and I started feeling like I might’ve made the wrong decision when I signed up. I was completely hopeless, but I couldn’t let myself give up. It’s not in my nature. So I threw a Hail Mary and decided to ask for help in the SoftUni online group.
What happened next shocked me! Within a few hours, my inbox was full of people that were reaching out to help me! I started chatting with a fellow programmer, and within less than 5 minutes, my problem was solved. 
That’s the first time I ever felt like a true part of the SoftUni community. All the warmth, positivity, and attention that these people gave me truly inspired me.
It not only inspired me to continue coding and challenge myself further but to also contribute to the community and return the favor.
As you can probably guess, ‘for’ loops weren’t the only thing I struggled with. But every time I needed help, someone was there for me. There was always someone there to give me their full and immediate attention and help me solve the problem I was facing.  
Now, I feel like it’s my duty to do the same. Before I set out on my own path and let the skills I developed pave the way for me, I want to spend some time helping, motivating, and inspiring other people in this wonderful community to build up their skills and become the programming powerhouses they wish to become!